docs(dotnet): clarify SQLClient instrumentation is unavailable on .NET Framework (#18559)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/performance/automatic-instrumentation-integrations/dotnet.mdx

options.DisableDiagnosticSourceIntegration();
```

> If your project doesn't match any of the conditions above, (for example, it targets .NET Framework 4.6.1 and uses only the `Sentry` package), you can still manually add Entity Framework Core instrumentation by including the package `Sentry.DiagnosticSource` and enabling it during the SDK's initialization. SQLClient instrumentation isn't available in this case — see the [SQLClient Integration](#sqlclient-integration) note below.

Reviewer: question: `dotnet.entityframework` only?

Should we scope this to platform `dotnet.entityframework` only?
Or is this this information generally useful.

On 2nd thought, I believe it is generally useful and we should not scope it to `dotnet.entityframework` and leave as proposed.

### SQLClient Integration

<Alert level="warning">

> SQLClient instrumentation is only available on .NET Core 3.0 or higher. SqlClient's `DiagnosticSource` events aren't emitted on .NET Framework, so this instrumentation has no effect there — even if you add the `Sentry.DiagnosticSource` package manually. On .NET Framework, only Entity Framework Core instrumentation is available via `Sentry.DiagnosticSource`.

Reviewer: suggestion (optional): consistent casing

Throughout this document, we use `SQLClient` over `SqlClient`.
One one hand, `SqlClient` is the correct .NET casing ... but I prefer consistency here.

```suggestion
SQLClient instrumentation is only available on .NET Core 3.0 or higher. SQLClient's `DiagnosticSource` events aren't emitted on .NET Framework, so this instrumentation has no effect there — even if you add the `Sentry.DiagnosticSource` package manually. On .NET Framework, only Entity Framework Core instrumentation is available via `Sentry.DiagnosticSource`.
```

Author: Corrected the casing everywhere - so consistent and correct now.

> SQLClient instrumentation is only available on .NET Core 3.0 or higher (for example, .NET 5+). SqlClient's `DiagnosticSource` events aren't emitted on .NET Framework, so this instrumentation has no effect there — even if you add the `Sentry.DiagnosticSource` package manually. On .NET Framework, only Entity Framework Core instrumentation is available through that package.

Author: ```suggestion
SQLClient instrumentation is only available on .NET Core 3.0 or higher. SqlClient's `DiagnosticSource` events aren't emitted on .NET Framework, so this instrumentation has no effect there — even if you add the `Sentry.DiagnosticSource` package manually. On .NET Framework, only Entity Framework Core instrumentation is available via `Sentry.DiagnosticSource`.
```
